{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh13300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cahndon_Wansink_2007_MealSize Estimation\
\
\
Hypothesis \'93meal size estimations follow a compressive power function\'94\
Testable predictions:\
\
1.  underestimations become more likely and\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 increase in magnitude as the size of the meal increases,\
even when the magnitude of the bias is measured proportionally\
to the actual size.\
\'97> true from study 1 and 2: larger meals were consistently underestimated while smaller meals were quite accurately estimated. \
\
2.   when people\
are asked to estimate self-selected meals, high-BMI people\
are likely to be more prone to underestimations than low-\
BMI people, even though they all follow the same psychophysical\
function (and therefore have the same intrinsic\
estimation biases).\
\'97> true, this is because high-BMI people tend to choose larger meals for themselves than low-BMI people. So it is NOT the BMI that caused caloric overestimation. Same prediction applied: larger meals were consistently underestimated while smaller meals were quite accurately estimated regardless of BMI.\
\
3.  a piecemeal\
decomposition estimation procedure, in which consumers\
estimate the size of each individual component of the meal\
rather than the size of the whole meal, should reduce psychophysical\
biases and should be more effective than the\
typical debiasing techniques, such as disclosing information\
about the bias or trying to motivate consumers to be more\
accurate.\
\'97> piecemeal decomposition estimation procedure did not change the psychophysical function but DID improve calorie estimation of meals\
\'93 the stronger underestimation of high-BMI\
people is due to their selection of larger meals and not to an\
intrinsic tendency to underestimate meal size.\'94\
\
\'93 low- and\
high-BMI participants have similar estimations after we\
control for the effects of meal size.\'94\
\
\'93 Study 3 also enabled us to test the robustness of psychophysical\
biases by showing that they are not moderated\
by nutrition involvement. Participants who reported paying\
attention to nutritional information and eating healthfully\
were as likely to underestimate increases in meal size as\
participants who reported ignoring nutritional information\
and healthful eating. In addition, this analysis provided\
another illustration of the misleading results of naive analyses\
that do not control for psychophysical effects. When\
meal size is not controlled for, it appears that calorie estimations are more accurate for people who are involved in nutrition than for those who are not. However, after meal\
size is controlled for, calorie estimations are identical across\
both nutrition involvement groups.\'94\
\
4.  the mean estimated\
meal size will be lower than the mean observed meal\
size when a representative sample of meal sizes is tested,\
but it will be higher than the mean observed meal sizes\
when only small meals are sampled.\
\
\'93 Study 4 provides further\
evidence that piecemeal estimation reduces the calorie\
underestimation bias even for dieticians and is particularly\
effective for large meals.\'94\
\
\'93 indicating that meal size\
estimations drove meal size choices\'94\
\
\'93 Our model predicts that the mean estimation of a 1000-\
calorie meal by dieticians who use a piecemeal decomposition\
estimation is an impressively accurate 957 calories.\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}