{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 StepStream: A School-based Pervasive Social Fitness System for Everyday Adolescent Health\
\
ABSTRACT Computer-supported fitness interventions for adolescents have the potential to improve adolescents\'92 attitudes and perceptions about physical activity through peer influence and interpersonal accountability. Past research has explored the potential of interventions based on competition and social-comparison mechanisms. We present a new approach: school-based, pervasive social fitness systems. We describe one such system: StepStream, a pedometer-based microblog we designed and deployed for four weeks with 42 US middle school students. StepStream users improved their attitudes about fitness and increased their sense of social support for fitness. The least-active students also increased their daily activity. We show that our school-based social fitness approach performed comparably in attitude and behavior change to more competitive or direct comparison systems. These results expand the strategies available computer-supported fitness interventions. Our school-based social fitness approach to everyday adolescent health shows the potential for social computing systems to positively influence offline health behaviors in real-world settings. \
\
TOOLS:\
1. Students wore 
\b FitBit Zip pedometers
\b0  (stores 30 days of activity, 3-month battery life, uploaded to website at schools\'92 base stations)\
2. 
\b StepStream
\b0 : social interface website. Individual step-count was not shared with others, however, congratulatory messages for reaching a goal was shared with everybody. (non-competitive and comparative in nature). \
3. Weekly after-school 
\b check-in meetings
\b0  in the computer lab. \
\
N=42\
\
Duration: 4-Week deployment (spring 2013)\
\

\b Results: \

\b0 - Increased step counts for least active\
- less than expected gameplay outside the weekly after-school meetings\
- improved attitudes and social support \
- students reported being emotionally attached to their pedometers. \
\
**one observation:\
Since the weekly after-school meetings were held in computer labs, it is not surprising to see most of their log-in times to be skewed during these meetings. If the students were also set up in a way to be sitting in front of a computer during this relatively free-time I believe every student will be going on their respective computers and logging into the site, especially with the researcher present there. They might have even considered the time to be the time \'93to go on the website and use it\'94. Not the best design decision, in my opinion. \
\
}