{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14040\viewh20400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Orji_2013_CHI_Tailoring_Persusaive_Health_Games_to_GamerType\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 ABSTRACT
\fs18  
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf0 Persuasive games are an effective approach for motivating health behavior, and recent years have seen an increase in games designed for changing human behaviors or attitudes. However, these games are limited in two major ways: first, they are not based on theories of what motivates healthy behavior change. This makes it difficult to evaluate why a persuasive approach works. Second, most persuasive games treat players as a monolithic group. As an attempt to resolve these weaknesses, we conducted a large-scale survey of 642 gamers\'92 eating habits and their associated determinants of healthy behavior to understand how health behavior relates to gamer type. We developed seven different models of healthy eating behavior for the gamer types identified by BrainHex. We then explored the differences between the models and created two approaches for effective persuasive game design based on our results. The first is a one-size-fits-all approach that will motivate the majority of the population, while not demotivating any players. The second is a personalized approach that will best motivate a particular type of gamer. Finally, to make our approaches actionable in persuasive game design, we map common game mechanics to the determinants of healthy behavior. 
\fs20 \
\
\

\fs26 In relation to
\b  \ul FRAMING\ulnone : achievers
\b0  are mostly influenced by perceived susceptibility (what they stand to lost), while 
\b conquerors
\b0  care more about what they stand for gain (perceived benefit) in relation to health behavior. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i\fs28 \cf0 Perceived susceptibility 
\i0 \'96 perceived 
\b risk
\b0  for contracting the health condition of concern; \

\i Perceived severity 
\i0 \'96 perception of the 
\b consequence
\b0  of contracting the health condition of concern; \

\i Perceived benefit 
\i0 \'96 perception of the 
\b good things
\b0  that could happen from undertaking specific behaviors; \

\i Perceived barrier 
\i0 \'96 perception of the 
\b difficulties
\b0  and 
\b cost
\b0  of performing behaviors; \

\i Cue to action 
\i0 \'96 exposure to factors that prompt action; \

\i Self-efficacy 
\i0 \'96 confidence in one\'92s ability to perform the new health behavior
\i .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 inappropriate to treat gamers as a monolithic group [9, 41] \
\
STUDY DESIGN\
\
N = 642\
measurements : 30-item HBM determinant questionnaire + 28-item BrainHex \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 RESULTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \

\fs26 1. Perceived susceptibility
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 risk perception is only an important 
\b motivator
\b0  of behavior change for 
\i achievers, daredevils, 
\i0 and 
\i socializers
\i0 . \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Susceptibility 
\i0 can be seen as a potential loss of a healthy and disease-free life. This is often modeled as loss of object or material possession of value (disincentive) in games [17] with the hope that players will be motivated to perform healthy behaviors to reduce or avoid the associated risk. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 2. Perceived (seriousness) severity
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 severity 
\i0 is in fact a significant 
\b positive
\b0  
\b motivator
\b0  of health behavior for 
\i masterminds 
\i0 only. \
\
increasing the perceived consequences of unhealthy behaviors can demotivate 
\i achievers 
\i0 and 
\i daredevils 
\i0 from changing the unhealthy behavior and adopting the healthy alternative. \
\
3. 
\i Perceived benefit\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 As proposed by HBM, 
\i benefit 
\i0 influences the likelihood of health behavior performance positively for 
\i conquerors
\i0 , 
\i daredevils
\i0 , 
\i seekers
\i0 , 
\i socializers
\i0 , and 
\i survivors
\i0 . However, 
\i benefit 
\i0 has no significant impact on 
\i masterminds, 
\i0 whereas it influences 
\i achievers 
\i0 negatively. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \
4. Perceived barrier\
\
barrier 
\i0 significantly influences all the gamer types negatively with the exception of 
\i\b daredevils
\b0  
\i0 and 
\i\b seekers
\b0  
\i0 who do not show significant reaction to perceived barrier but are significantly motivated by benefit 
\i \
\
\
5. Cue to action\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 positively associated with health behavior for all gamer types except for 
\i survivors 
\i0 (not significant) and 
\i daredevils 
\i0 (negative association). \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \
6. Self-efficacy\
\
self-efficacy 
\i0 is the only determinant that does not influence any gamer type negatively. However, its influence is only significant for 
\i achievers, masterminds, seekers, 
\i0 and 
\i socializers
\i0 . 
\i \
\

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs26 \cf0 THEREFORE, \
\
One-size-fits-all persuasive game should:\
\'97 
\i\b include game elements that address self-efficacy
\b0 . \
\'97\'97
\b include mechanics that support cue to action and demonstrate the benefits of behavior change to appeal to a majority of the population
\i0\b0 . \
\'97\'97
\i\b avoid game elements that allude to barriers to the adoption of healthy behavior
\i0\b0 . \
\
Personally-tailored ones should:\
\'97\'97
\i\b it is appropriate to use mechanics related to susceptibility when designing MMORPGs
\i0\b0 . \
\'97\'97
\i\b games personalized for masterminds can effectively use mechanics that promote severity
\i0\b0 . \
}